Ivica
Ivica was born on April 14th, 2002. His favorite color is green, which might reflect his love for nature. He enjoys hiking in his free time and often spends weekends exploring trails. Ivica has a pet named Spike who usually accompanies him. He loves eating pizza and prefers drinking tea.

Pero
Pero was born on July 7th, 1994. His favorite color is blue. He doesn’t have any pets but finds joy in playing the guitar. He enjoys lasagna as his favorite meal and likes to drink Coca-Cola.

Marko
Marko was born on January 9th, 2002. His favorite color is yellow. He has a pet named Bruice. In his free time, Marko enjoys playing games. He loves pasta and drinks Sprite as his favorite beverage.

Ana
Ana was born on November 22nd, 1998. Her favorite color is purple. She owns a pet named Luna and enjoys reading novels during her leisure time. Sushi is her favorite food, and she loves drinking coffee.

Luka
Luka was born on May 3rd, 2000. His favorite color is red. He doesn’t have any pets but enjoys cycling as his favorite activity. He likes eating burgers and often drinks lemonade.

Maja
Maja was born on August 18th, 2001. She likes the color pink and has a pet named Coco. Painting is her favorite pastime. Her favorite food is tacos, and she enjoys iced tea as her drink of choice.

Nikola
Nikola was born on December 12th, 1996. He prefers the color black. He owns a pet named Rex and enjoys watching movies. His favorite food is steak, and he likes to drink beer.

Ema
Ema was born on March 5th, 2003. Her favorite color is orange. She doesn’t have any pets. She enjoys dancing and is often found practicing new routines. Her favorite food is ramen, and she drinks apple juice.

Dino
Dino was born on June 30th, 1999. He likes the color cyan and has a pet named Max. Photography is his favorite activity, and he often captures landscapes. His favorite food is schnitzel, and he enjoys drinking orange juice.

Tina
Tina was born on October 15th, 2000. Her favorite color is white. She doesn’t have any pets. She enjoys yoga and practices it regularly. Her favorite food is salad, and she drinks mineral water.

Ivan
Ivan was born on April 27th, 1995. His favorite color is grey. He has a pet named Shadow and loves mountain biking. He enjoys eating ćevapi and prefers beer as his drink.

Sara
Sara was born on January 11th, 2004. Her favorite color is turquoise. She has no pets but loves singing. Her favorite food is pancakes, and she enjoys drinking hot chocolate.

Kristijan
Kristijan was born on July 19th, 1998. He favors the color navy blue. His pet’s name is Kiki. He enjoys fishing during his free time. His favorite food is barbecue, and he drinks Fanta.

Marina
Marina was born on September 4th, 1997. Her favorite color is lavender. She has a pet named Mimi and enjoys stargazing at night. She loves seafood and drinks iced coffee.

Filip
Filip was born on March 23rd, 2001. His favorite color is black. He doesn’t own any pets. He spends most of his free time coding. His favorite food is burgers, and he drinks energy drinks.

Jelena
Jelena was born on December 8th, 2002. She likes the color peach. Her pet is named Bubbles. In her free time, she enjoys knitting. Her favorite food is risotto, and she drinks green tea.

Domagoj
Domagoj was born on February 1st, 1993. His favorite color is maroon. He owns a pet named Thor. His favorite activity is woodworking. He enjoys roast pork and drinks apple cider.

Ivana
Ivana was born on February 24th, 2002. She likes the color red and has a pet named Skinne. She enjoys walking and often goes for strolls. Her favorite food is tortilla, and her go-to drink is iced tea.